README.md, before:

# PlayStation Save Decrypters

A collection of custom save-game decrypters and checksum fixers for PS3, PSP, and PS4.

## PS3 Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PS3 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Call of Duty: Black Ops | [cod-blackops-decrypter](./cod-blackops-decrypter) |
| Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 | [cod-blackops-decrypter](./cod-blackops-decrypter) |
| Diablo 3 | [diablo3-decrypter](./diablo3-decrypter) |
| DmC: Devil May Cry | [dmc-decrypter](./dmc-decrypter) |
| Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends | [dw8xl-decrypter](./dw8xl-decrypter) |
| Final Fantasy XIII | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Final Fantasy XIII-2 | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Grand Theft Auto 5 | [gta5-decrypter](./gta5-decrypter) |
| L.A. Noire | [la-noire-decrypter](./la-noire-decrypter) |
| Max Payne 3 | [maxpayne3-decrypter](./maxpayne3-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid 2 HD - Sons of Liberty | [mgs-hd-decrypter](./mgs-hd-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid 3 HD - Snake Eater | [mgs-hd-decrypter](./mgs-hd-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker HD | [mgs-pw-decrypter](./mgs-pw-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| The Last of Us | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 2 | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 3 | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Need For Speed: Rivals | [nfs-rivals-decrypter](./nfs-rivals-decrypter) |
| Need For Speed: Undercover | [nfs-undercover-decrypter](./nfs-undercover-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil HD Remaster | [re-remaster-decrypter](./re-remaster-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 0 (Zero) | [re-remaster-decrypter](./re-remaster-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil Revelations 2 | [re-revelations2-decrypter](./re-revelations2-decrypter) |
| Silent Hill 3 HD | [silent-hill3-decrypter](./silent-hill3-decrypter) |

## PS4 Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PS4 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Borderlands 3 (PS4) | [ps4-borderlands3-decrypter](./ps4-borderlands3-decrypter) |
| Dark Souls Remastered (PS4) | [darksouls-remaster-decrypter](./darksouls-remaster-decrypter) |
| Dragon Ball Z Xenoverse 2 (PS4) | [dbz-xenoverse2-decrypter](./dbz-xenoverse2-decrypter) |
| Grand Theft Auto 5 (PS4) | [gta5-decrypter](./gta5-decrypter) |
| L.A. Noire (PS4) | [la-noire-decrypter](./la-noire-decrypter) |
| Like a Dragon: Ishin! (PS4) | [rgg-decrypter](./rgg-decrypter) |
| MC4 Cheat Decrypter (PS4) | [mc4-cheat-decrypter](./mc4-cheat-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (PS4) | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes (PS4) | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter World (PS4) | [monsterhunter-world-decrypter](./monsterhunter-world-decrypter) |
| Nioh 2 (PS4) | [nioh2-decrypter](./nioh2-decrypter) |
| No Man's Sky (PS4) | [ps4-nms-unpacker](./ps4-nms-unpacker) |
| The Last of Us Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| The Last of Us Part II (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel IV (PS4) | [trails-cs4-unpacker](./trails-cs4-unpacker) |
| Uncharted 2 Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 3 Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted: The Lost Legacy (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Red Dead Redemption 2 (PS4) | [rdr2-decrypter](./rdr2-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil Revelations 2 (PS4) | [ps4-re-rev2-decrypter](./ps4-re-rev2-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 2 Remake (PS4) | [ps4-re4r-decrypter](./ps4-re4r-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 4 Remake (PS4) | [ps4-re4r-decrypter](./ps4-re4r-decrypter) |
| Shin Megami Tensei V (PS4) | [smt5-decrypter](./smt5-decrypter) |
| Terraria (PS4) | [ps4-terraria-decrypter](./ps4-terraria-decrypter) |

## PSP Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PSP save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Patapon 3 (PSP) | [patapon3-decrypter](./patapon3-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Portable 3rd (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |

## Checksum fixers

Tools to fix checksums for specific PSP/PS3/PS4 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Alien: Isolation (PS3/PS4) | [alien-checksum-fixer](./alien-checksum-fixer) |
| Castlevania: Lords of Shadow (PS3) | [castlevania-checksum-fixer](./castlevania-checksum-fixer) |
| Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 (PS3) | [castlevania-checksum-fixer](./castlevania-checksum-fixer) |
| Call of Duty: Ghosts (PS3) | [cod-checksum-fixer](./cod-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Rising (PS4) | [deadrising-checksum-fixer](./deadrising-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Space 2 (PS3) | [deadspace-checksum-fixer](./deadspace-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Space 3 (PS3) | [deadspace-checksum-fixer](./deadspace-checksum-fixer) |
| Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi (PS3) | [dbz-checksum-fixer](./dbz-checksum-fixer) |
| Digimon: All-Star Rumble (PS3) | [digimon-checksum-fixer](./digimon-checksum-fixer) |
| Digimon World Next Order (PS4) | [ps4-digimon-checksum-fixer](./ps4-digimon-checksum-fixer) |
| DuckTales: Remastered (PS3) | [ducktales-checksum-fixer](./ducktales-checksum-fixer) |
| Final Fantasy X HD (PS3) | [ffxhd-checksum-fixer](./ffxhd-checksum-fixer) |
| Final Fantasy X-2 HD (PS3) | [ffxhd-checksum-fixer](./ffxhd-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals - Shadow Zone (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals - The Lost Tribe (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 ReMIX (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts HD Birth by Sleep (BBS) (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts Re: Chain of Memories (CoM) (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO The Lord of the Rings (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| Prototype 1 (PS3) | [prototype-checksum-fixer](./prototype-checksum-fixer) |
| Prototype 2 (PS3) | [prototype-checksum-fixer](./prototype-checksum-fixer) |
| PS2 APA Header Checksum | [ps2-apa-header-checksum](./ps2-apa-header-checksum) |
| Resident Evil 3 Remake (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil 7: Biohazard (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil Resistance (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil Village (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Samurai Warriors 4 (PS3) | [sw4-checksum-fixer](./sw4-checksum-fixer) |
| Sengoku Musou 4 (PS3) | [sw4-checksum-fixer](./sw4-checksum-fixer) |
| Tears to Tiara 2 (PS3) | [tears2-checksum-fixer](./tears2-checksum-fixer) |
| Tales of Zestiria (PS3) | [toz-checksum-fixer](./toz-checksum-fixer) |

## License

These tools are released under the GNU [GPL v3.0 License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

LoH Trails zero/azure checksum fixer (#46)
* trails 0 cfix

* Create bzh_ank_se_savedata_checksum.h

* Update README.md

* Create trails-zero-checksum-fixer-apollo.py

* Add Trails from Zero and Trails to Azure entries

README.md, after:

# PlayStation Save Decrypters

A collection of custom save-game decrypters and checksum fixers for PS3, PSP, and PS4.

## PS3 Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PS3 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Call of Duty: Black Ops | [cod-blackops-decrypter](./cod-blackops-decrypter) |
| Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 | [cod-blackops-decrypter](./cod-blackops-decrypter) |
| Diablo 3 | [diablo3-decrypter](./diablo3-decrypter) |
| DmC: Devil May Cry | [dmc-decrypter](./dmc-decrypter) |
| Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends | [dw8xl-decrypter](./dw8xl-decrypter) |
| Final Fantasy XIII | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Final Fantasy XIII-2 | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII | [ff13-decrypter](./ff13-decrypter) |
| Grand Theft Auto 5 | [gta5-decrypter](./gta5-decrypter) |
| L.A. Noire | [la-noire-decrypter](./la-noire-decrypter) |
| Max Payne 3 | [maxpayne3-decrypter](./maxpayne3-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid 2 HD - Sons of Liberty | [mgs-hd-decrypter](./mgs-hd-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid 3 HD - Snake Eater | [mgs-hd-decrypter](./mgs-hd-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker HD | [mgs-pw-decrypter](./mgs-pw-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| The Last of Us | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 2 | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 3 | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Need For Speed: Rivals | [nfs-rivals-decrypter](./nfs-rivals-decrypter) |
| Need For Speed: Undercover | [nfs-undercover-decrypter](./nfs-undercover-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil HD Remaster | [re-remaster-decrypter](./re-remaster-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 0 (Zero) | [re-remaster-decrypter](./re-remaster-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil Revelations 2 | [re-revelations2-decrypter](./re-revelations2-decrypter) |
| Silent Hill 3 HD | [silent-hill3-decrypter](./silent-hill3-decrypter) |

## PS4 Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PS4 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Borderlands 3 (PS4) | [ps4-borderlands3-decrypter](./ps4-borderlands3-decrypter) |
| Dark Souls Remastered (PS4) | [darksouls-remaster-decrypter](./darksouls-remaster-decrypter) |
| Dragon Ball Z Xenoverse 2 (PS4) | [dbz-xenoverse2-decrypter](./dbz-xenoverse2-decrypter) |
| Grand Theft Auto 5 (PS4) | [gta5-decrypter](./gta5-decrypter) |
| L.A. Noire (PS4) | [la-noire-decrypter](./la-noire-decrypter) |
| Like a Dragon: Ishin! (PS4) | [rgg-decrypter](./rgg-decrypter) |
| MC4 Cheat Decrypter (PS4) | [mc4-cheat-decrypter](./mc4-cheat-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (PS4) | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes (PS4) | [mgs5-tpp-decrypter](./mgs5-tpp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter World (PS4) | [monsterhunter-world-decrypter](./monsterhunter-world-decrypter) |
| Nioh 2 (PS4) | [nioh2-decrypter](./nioh2-decrypter) |
| No Man's Sky (PS4) | [ps4-nms-unpacker](./ps4-nms-unpacker) |
| The Last of Us Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| The Last of Us Part II (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel IV (PS4) | [trails-cs4-unpacker](./trails-cs4-unpacker) |
| Uncharted 2 Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 3 Remastered (PS4) | [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted: The Lost Legacy (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection (PS4) |  [naughtydog-decrypter](./naughtydog-decrypter) |
| Red Dead Redemption 2 (PS4) | [rdr2-decrypter](./rdr2-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil Revelations 2 (PS4) | [ps4-re-rev2-decrypter](./ps4-re-rev2-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 2 Remake (PS4) | [ps4-re4r-decrypter](./ps4-re4r-decrypter) |
| Resident Evil 4 Remake (PS4) | [ps4-re4r-decrypter](./ps4-re4r-decrypter) |
| Shin Megami Tensei V (PS4) | [smt5-decrypter](./smt5-decrypter) |
| Terraria (PS4) | [ps4-terraria-decrypter](./ps4-terraria-decrypter) |

## PSP Decrypters

Tools to decrypt specific PSP save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Patapon 3 (PSP) | [patapon3-decrypter](./patapon3-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |
| Monster Hunter Portable 3rd (PSP) | [monsterhunter-psp-decrypter](./monsterhunter-psp-decrypter) |

## Checksum fixers

Tools to fix checksums for specific PSP/PS3/PS4 save-games:

| Game | Tool |
| :--- | :--- |
| Alien: Isolation (PS3/PS4) | [alien-checksum-fixer](./alien-checksum-fixer) |
| Castlevania: Lords of Shadow (PS3) | [castlevania-checksum-fixer](./castlevania-checksum-fixer) |
| Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 (PS3) | [castlevania-checksum-fixer](./castlevania-checksum-fixer) |
| Call of Duty: Ghosts (PS3) | [cod-checksum-fixer](./cod-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Rising (PS4) | [deadrising-checksum-fixer](./deadrising-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Space 2 (PS3) | [deadspace-checksum-fixer](./deadspace-checksum-fixer) |
| Dead Space 3 (PS3) | [deadspace-checksum-fixer](./deadspace-checksum-fixer) |
| Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi (PS3) | [dbz-checksum-fixer](./dbz-checksum-fixer) |
| Digimon: All-Star Rumble (PS3) | [digimon-checksum-fixer](./digimon-checksum-fixer) |
| Digimon World Next Order (PS4) | [ps4-digimon-checksum-fixer](./ps4-digimon-checksum-fixer) |
| DuckTales: Remastered (PS3) | [ducktales-checksum-fixer](./ducktales-checksum-fixer) |
| Final Fantasy X HD (PS3) | [ffxhd-checksum-fixer](./ffxhd-checksum-fixer) |
| Final Fantasy X-2 HD (PS3) | [ffxhd-checksum-fixer](./ffxhd-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals - Shadow Zone (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Invizimals - The Lost Tribe (PSP) | [invizimals-checksum-fixer](./invizimals-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 ReMIX (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts HD Birth by Sleep (BBS) (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| Kingdom Hearts Re: Chain of Memories (CoM) (PS3) | [kh25-checksum-fixer](./kh25-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| LEGO The Lord of the Rings (PS3) | [lego-checksum-fixer](./lego-checksum-fixer) |
| Prototype 1 (PS3) | [prototype-checksum-fixer](./prototype-checksum-fixer) |
| Prototype 2 (PS3) | [prototype-checksum-fixer](./prototype-checksum-fixer) |
| PS2 APA Header Checksum | [ps2-apa-header-checksum](./ps2-apa-header-checksum) |
| Resident Evil 3 Remake (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil 7: Biohazard (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil Resistance (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Resident Evil Village (PS4) | [re7-checksum-fixer](./re7-checksum-fixer) |
| Samurai Warriors 4 (PS3) | [sw4-checksum-fixer](./sw4-checksum-fixer) |
| Sengoku Musou 4 (PS3) | [sw4-checksum-fixer](./sw4-checksum-fixer) |
| Tears to Tiara 2 (PS3) | [tears2-checksum-fixer](./tears2-checksum-fixer) |
| Tales of Zestiria (PS3) | [toz-checksum-fixer](./toz-checksum-fixer) |
| The Legend of Heroes: Trails from Zero (PS4) | [trails-zero-checksum-fixer](./trails-zero-checksum-fixer) |
| The Legend of Heroes: Trails to Azure (PS4) | [trails-zero-checksum-fixer](./trails-zero-checksum-fixer) |

## License

These tools are released under the GNU [GPL v3.0 License](LICENSE).
